Add golangci-lint image for Kyma (#5628)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/images/README.md

  ├── buildpack-node        # The image for building Node.js components
  ├── buildpack-java        # The image for building Java components
  ├── cleaner               # The image with a script for cleaning SSH keys on service accounts in Google Cloud Storage

>   ├── golangci-lint         # The image contains golangci-lint binary with wrapper script for scanning all fodlers containing go.mod files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── golangci-lint         # The image contains a golangci-lint binary with wrapper script for scanning all folders containing go.mod files
```
